Notes from fireside passion

Signal to noise

Categorising/Rating/Responding/Indicating

  How I feel about this - subjective
    agreement
    disagreement
    provoking
    angering
    boring
  What i think this is - objective
    bias
    viral
    noisy
    relevant
    inflammatory
    concise
    helpful
    facilitationary

  how I am feeling right now
    my mood, angry, calm, inlightened, genius, bored

the basic equivilent to 'like' is 'useful' (to the discussion)
a ui allowing a response ranging from a simple 'useful' to as detailed categorisation as you like

Judgement call that you think this is important for others to know

Value in putting your name next to the categorisation

awareness of quality of discussion will help groups have better discussions

reddits ability to prviatly tag things onto people. not talked about last night but useful.

splitting the ideas into writing, input, and reading, summarising.

Maybe reddit is a very close to idea concept. and we need to focus on mimiking the discission and appending proposals and concencus.

recoding the way people are filtering the conversation as a way to feedback in karama

replying to two posts at once, replying to a paragraph - like a google docs comment

branching - marking branches as entry points into converstations

sliders limiting views about discussion to avoid overwhelment. same thing to enter information onto comments.

traditinal threaded view can be the starting point to build in most of these features.
ultimate mode is the too hard basket.. later on basket.

Major Overall Points
encourage awareness of discussion, know goal of discussion

stage one.. reddit-our way with popositions
the goal, self aware discussions leading to concensus based decisions

How to we identify when decisions can be made?
theading discussion had propositions being made too early..
but was that a terrible thing? 
what can we learn from that?

this is not complete.. lets go back and harvest all the feature requests and collate them in one place then make a development roadmap.

features form loomio discussion:
A comment is made, then it can be marked as resolved when it is sufficently worked through. if you could instantly look at a motion and see how many unresolved concerns there were that would be helpful. 

Good email notifications on events. keep track of events and who to notify
autolink urls
explain the culture of loomio.. refine what we want to achieve

encouraging brevity of comments

robs idea.. highlight and reply.
mark/select/highlight sections of concern and notify on resolution - this might be our powerful difference

goal for collation.. to clearly define the features and enable them to be seen, understood.. stop repitition and encourage the new idea, get everyone up to speed

